This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/api-reference/create-next-app).

## Setup Project local, Getting Started

1. install dependencies

```bash
yarn install
```

2. run the development server:

```bash
yarn dev
```
# Instructions
Please create a branch in the format of `firstname-lastname-githandle` for your work. Push and pr permissions have been removed from `main` branch. 
Please complete the challenge as described below and notify your point of contact that you are ready for review. Feel free to ask any questions you may have about the tasks.
GOOD LUCK!!

## Homework challenges:

These challenges should take you 1-2 hours to complete. You can use any resources you want to complete them including AI. We understand that
the majority of developers use AI in their day to day work. When you discuss your code at the follow up interview we'll want to know how you used
AI, how you formulate prompts, validate solutions, and how you use the output. We expect ICs to be able to explain how any code they commit
works, including that generated by AI so be prepared to walk us through your code's functionality.

1. Fetch the inventory data and populate the page using the ProductCard component.
2. Create a shopping cart that will display each item in the cart with its price and quantity.
3. Add a button to each product card to add the item to the cart.
4. Display a dynamic total in the cart.
5. Add the ability to sort the shop items.
6. Add search functionality.
7. Think through how you would add a few new features to the shop, they should be things you could build in 20-30 minutes and showcase your talents. Are you more of a UI/UX person, like to write endpoints, build new routes, etc.
